Ready to continue controlling your boundaries?
Your next exercise is to find your legal boundaries, so open a new browser window on your laptop or
your phone or whatever device you're using at the moment.
And let's do a quick search for your state's local self-defense laws.
Simply type in your state's name and self-defense laws, and you should find all the information you
need in the first few results.
Make sure you confirm whether your state falls under duty to retreat.
Castle Doctrine or stand your ground laws and with the specifications of those are.
This is definitely a situation when it's good to read the fine print.
If you're also interested in owning or carrying a weapon of your own, then start a new search and type
in your state and weapon laws to look up the specifics on what weapons you're allowed to own, carry
in public and take with you traveling like on an airplane if you fly on one anytime soon.
Make sure you do this search for each type of weapon you're considering.
We'll talk more about how to effectively use each of these weapons in the next module.
Except for mace, tasers and guns, which I strongly recommend against unless you are trained and comfortable
using them.
Guns especially are significantly more advanced and deadly than any other weapon here.
And they go beyond the scope of this basic training.
So if you are interested in learning how to use a handgun, I strongly recommend finding an Emirates
certified handgun safety course to get you started.
Keep in mind, if your state doesn't allow any good options for traditional weapons, there are still
plenty of common everyday items that can provide you with some decent weapons support.
Now, as long as we're here in the search browser, you might as well do a quick search for the federal
self-defense laws in your country as well, especially if you're outside the U.S., as these can differ
from what I covered in the last video.
Either way, it's a good idea to look it up for yourself and make sure you're familiar with all the
particulars.
Remember, knowledge is power.
You should now have a whole lot more knowledge about your mental, physical and legal boundaries where
they are and how to competently set and enforce them.
Your homework assignment this week is to continue researching and setting these boundaries, your state
or local laws, as well as federal self-defense laws.
So go ahead and do that now.
All wait.